# Replication materials for the draft "Identification of Preferences in Forced-Choice Conjoint Experiments: Reassessing the Quantity of Interest" (Ganter, 2020)

*Abstract.* Forced-choice conjoint experiments have become a standard element of the experimental toolbox in political science and sociology. Yet the literature has largely overlooked the fact that conjoint experiments are used for two distinct purposes: to uncover respondents' multidimensional preferences, and to estimate the causal effects of some attributes on a profile's selection probability in a multidimensional choice setting. This paper makes the argument that this distinction is both analytically and practically relevant, because the quantity of interest is contingent on the purpose of the study. The vast majority of social scientists relying on conjoint analyses, including most scholars interested in studying preferences, have adopted the average marginal component effect (AMCE) as their main quantity of interest. The paper shows that the AMCE is neither conceptually nor practically suited to explore respondents' preferences. Not only is it essentially a causal quantity conceptually at odds with the goal of describing patterns of preferences, but it also does generally not identify preferences, mixing them with compositional effects unrelated to preferences. This paper proposes a novel estimand—the average component preference (ACP)—designed to explore patterns of preferences, and it presents a method for estimating it.

The current draft of the paper is available on [SocArXiv](https://osf.io/preprints/socarxiv/e638u/).

This repository contains the following replication materials:
* the R function used to estimate ACPs, differences in ACPs, and direct pairwise preferences, along with its documentation;
* the R code that replicates my partial replication of Hainmueller and Hopkins's immigrant experiment. The data are available on [Harvard Dataverse](https://dataverse.harvard.edu/dataset.xhtml?persistentId=doi:10.7910/DVN/THJYQR);
* the R code that replicates the imaginary example presented in the supplemental information A;
* the R code that replicates the Monte Carlo simulations presented in the supplemnetal information D.
